add ata viscosity doc (#685)
avaframe/AvaFrame: docs/DFAnumerics.rst

(:math:`\mathbf{\bar{u}}` is the mesh velocity interpolated at the particle position).
:math:`C_{Lat}` is a coefficient that rules the viscous force. It would be the
equivalent of :math:`C_{Drag}` in the case of the drag force. The :math:`C_{Lat}`
is a numerical parameter that depends on the mesh size. Its value is set to 100
and should be discussed and further tested.

Adding the viscous force
""""""""""""""""""""""""

The viscous force is added implicitly:

.. math::
  \begin{aligned}
  \mathbf{F_{viscosity}} = &-\frac{1}{2}\rho C_{Lat}\|\mathbf{du}^{old}\| A_{Lat}
  \mathbf{du}^{new}\\
  = &  -\frac{1}{2}\rho C_{Lat}\|\mathbf{u}^{old} - \mathbf{\bar{u}}^{old}\| A_{Lat}
  (\mathbf{u}^{new} - \mathbf{\bar{u}}^{old})
  \end{aligned}
Updating the velocity is done in two steps. First adding the explcit term related to the
mean mesh velocity and then the implicit term which leads to:

.. math::
  \mathbf{u}^{new} = \frac{\mathbf{u}^{old} - C_{vis}\mathbf{\bar{u}}^{old}}{1 + C_{vis}}

With :math:`C_{vis} = \frac{1}{2}\rho C_{Lat}\|\mathbf{du}^{old}\| A_{Lat}\frac{dt}{m}`

Ata Artificial viscosity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> An up-winding method based on Lax-Friedrichs scheme

Reviewer: Is 'up-winding' a technical term here?

Author: yes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Upwind_scheme

Reviewer: ah, then you should write 
`An upwind method based` -> related to the wind 
since up-winding is easily confused with the winding of e.g. a string or rope
https://www.dictionary.com/browse/winding

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Shallow Water Equations are well known for being hyperbolic transport equations.
They have the particularity of carrying discontinuities or shocks which makes them
numerically unstable.

> Thus a decentering in time allows to better capture the discontinuity.
> This can be done in the manner of the Lax-Friedrich scheme as described in :cite:`AtSo2005`.
> This decentering in time is formally the same as adding a viscous force.
> Transposed to the SPH method, this viscous force applied on a given particle :math:`k`
> can be expressed as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A decentering in time allows to better capture the discontinuities.
This can be done in the manner of the Lax-Friedrich scheme as described in :cite:`AtSo2005`, which is formally the same as adding a viscous force.
Implementing it for the SPH method, this viscous force applied on a given particle :math:`k`
can be expressed as follows:
```

.. math::
  \mathbf{F_{{viscosity}_k}} = \sum_{l} \frac{m_l}{\rho_l} \Pi_{kl}
with :math:`\Pi_{kl} = \lambda_{kl}(\mathbf{u}_l - \mathbf{u}_k) \cdot \mathbf{n}_{kl}`

where :math:`\mathbf{u}_{kl} = \mathbf{u}_k - \mathbf{u}_l` is the relative velocity
between particle k and l, and :math:`\lambda_{kl} = \frac{c_k+c_l}{2}` with
:math:`c_k = \sqrt{gh_l}`, the wave speed. The :math:`\lambda_{kl}` is obtained as

> turning expressions related to time and spacial discretization parameters

Reviewer 2: spatial

> :math:`c_k = \sqrt{gh_l}`, the wave speed. The :math:`\lambda_{kl}` is obtained as
> turning expressions related to time and spacial discretization parameters
> into an expression on maximal speed between both particles in the Lax Friedrich
> scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:math:`c_k = \sqrt{gh_l}`, the wave speed. The :math:`\lambda_{kl}` is obtained by
turning expressions related to time and spacial discretization parameters
into an expression on maximal speed between both particles in the Lax Friedrich
scheme.
```

Due to the expression of the viscosity force, it makes sense to

> compute it and add it with the SPH pressure force (for this reason, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compute it and add it to the SPH pressure force (for this reason, the
```
??

Author: I want to say that we compute the viscosity in the same place as the pressure because we need he loop on neighbor particles. Then we add the viscosity at the same time as we add the pressure.

Reviewer: then `and apply it at the same time as the SPH force` ?
